Exercise,Description
Jumping Jacks,Jump and spread legs while raising arms overhead, then return to starting position.
Power Jacks,Similar to jumping jacks, adding a squat at the bottom and explosive jump.
Skater Jumps,Jump side to side, mimicking a skater's motion.
Star Jumps,Explosive jump while extending arms and legs in star shape.
Jump Rope,Simulate rope jumping motion for a cardio workout.
Burpees,Combines squat, push-up, and jump into a fluid movement.
Mountain Climbers,Alternating knee drives while in a plank position.
In and Outs,While in a push up position, jump both feet towards chest and return.
High Knees,Running in place while lifting knees to hip height.
Jump Squats,Squat and explosively jump, landing softly back into a squat.
Squat Jumps,Squat and jump, engaging lower body muscles.
Push-Ups,Upper body exercise where you lower and raise your body using your arms.
Plyo Push-Ups,Push off explosively in push-up to lift hands off ground.
Spiderman Push-Ups,Combines push-ups with bringing knee towards elbow during the movement.
Bicycle Crunches,Pedal motion while lying on your back, engaging core.
Russian Twists,Seated twists, touching the floor beside your hips with hands.
Plank Jacks,From plank position, jump feet out and in, engaging core and shoulders.
Plank Hold,Maintaining a straight-arm plank position to engage core.
Plank Knee to Elbow,Bring knees toward opposite elbows in plank position.
High Plank Shoulder Taps,In a high plank, touch opposite shoulders with each hand.
Cross Climbers,Alternating knee-to-chest motion in plank position.
Lunge Jumps,Alternating lunge position with a jump in between.
Alternating Reverse Lunges,Step back into lunges, alternating legs.
Butt Kicks,Jogging while kicking heels up towards glutes.
Tricep Dips,Using a bench or chair to work triceps by lowering and raising body.
Wall Sit,Sitting against a wall with knees bent at a 90-degree angle.
Fast Feet,Quick steps in place, similar to a running motion.
Tuck Jumps,Explosive jumps while tucking knees towards chest.
Box Jumps,Jumping onto a box or platform and landing softly.
Sprint in Place,Running motion in place at high speed.
