Exercise,Description
Squats,Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, lower hips down as if sitting, then stand back up.
Front Squats,Similar to squats, but with a barbell resting on the front of the shoulders.
Back Squats,Squat with the barbell placed behind the neck on the upper traps.
Sumo Squats,Wide stance squat with toes pointed outward, targeting inner thighs.
Goblet Squats,Hold a dumbbell or kettlebell close to chest while squatting.
Bulgarian Split Squats,Step one foot back and lunge, with the back foot elevated.
Lunges,Step forward or backward into a lunge position, alternating legs.
Box Jumps,Jump onto a box or platform, focusing on explosive power.
Deadlifts,Lift a barbell from the ground while maintaining a straight back and engaging hips and legs.
Romanian Deadlifts,Hinge at hips while holding a barbell, keeping legs straight and back flat.
Leg Press,Using a leg press machine, press the weight upward using legs.
Calf Raises,Stand on the edge of a raised surface and lift heels to work calf muscles.
Step-Ups,Step onto a bench or platform, alternating legs, to engage legs and glutes.
Wall Sits,Lean against a wall with knees bent at a 90-degree angle to work quads.
Hamstring Curls,Using a machine or stability ball, curl legs toward glutes to work hamstrings.
Leg Extensions,Using a machine, extend legs outward to work quadriceps.
Glute Bridges,Lie on your back, lift hips off the ground to engage glutes and hamstrings.
Hip Thrusts,Sit against a bench, roll barbell over hips, lift hips up to engage glutes.
Good Mornings,Hinge at hips while holding a barbell, engaging hamstrings and lower back.
Calf Raises on Leg Press Machine,Using leg press machine, perform calf raises by pressing with toes.
Hack Squats,Using a hack squat machine, perform squats with support on your shoulders.
Pistol Squats,Single-leg squat, extending one leg forward while squatting on the other.
Seated Leg Curls,Using a machine, curl legs toward glutes while seated.
Sissy Squats,Lean back while squatting on toes to target quads.
Side Lunges,Step laterally into a lunge, alternating sides to engage inner and outer thighs.
Cable Kickbacks,Using a cable machine, kick legs back to engage glutes.
Inner Thigh Machine,Using an inner thigh machine, squeeze legs together to target inner thighs.
Outer Thigh Machine,Using an outer thigh machine, move legs outward to target outer thighs.
Ankle Hops,Hop on one foot while using ankle weights to work calf muscles.
Single-Leg Leg Press,Using leg press machine, press weight using one leg at a time.
