Exercise,Description
Bench Press,Lie on a bench and lift a barbell off a rack, lowering it to your chest and pressing it back up.
Incline Bench Press,Similar to bench press, but on an inclined bench to target the upper chest.
Dumbbell Flyes,Lie on a bench and hold dumbbells, open arms wide, then bring them together in a hugging motion.
Push-Ups,Place hands on the ground, lower and raise your body using your arms.
Wide Grip Push-Ups,Perform push-ups with hands positioned wider than shoulder-width apart.
Close Grip Push-Ups,Perform push-ups with hands close together, focusing on triceps and inner chest.
Decline Push-Ups,Feet elevated and hands on the ground, perform push-ups to target lower chest.
Chest Dips,Using parallel bars, lower and raise your body to work the chest and triceps.
Chest Press Machine,Using a chest press machine, press the handles forward while seated.
Cable Crossovers,Stand in front of cable pulleys, cross arms in front of you to work on chest contraction.
Dips,Using parallel bars, perform dips to target chest and triceps.
Medicine Ball Push-Ups,Place hands on a medicine ball while doing push-ups to challenge stability.
Plyometric Push-Ups,Push off the ground explosively during push-ups to engage fast-twitch muscle fibers.
Single-Arm Dumbbell Press,Lie on a bench and press one dumbbell at a time, focusing on each side.
Incline Dumbbell Press,Similar to dumbbell press, but on an inclined bench to target upper chest.
Diamond Push-Ups,Perform push-ups with hands close together in a diamond shape to target triceps and inner chest.
Isometric Chest Squeeze,Hold a stability ball between hands and squeeze, engaging chest muscles.
Chest Squeeze Push-Ups,Perform push-ups while squeezing a ball between hands to engage chest muscles.
Wide Grip Bench Press,Bench press with a wider hand placement to target outer chest.
Cable Chest Press,Using cable machine, press handles forward to work chest muscles.
Resistance Band Chest Press,Anchor resistance bands and perform pressing motion to work chest.
Barbell Pullover,Lie on a bench and hold a barbell overhead, lower it behind head and lift back up.
Dumbbell Pullover,Similar to barbell pullover, but using dumbbells for added variation.
Wide Push-Ups,Perform push-ups with hands placed wider than shoulder-width apart.
