Exercise,Description
Bicep Curls,Hold dumbbells, curl them towards your shoulders, engaging biceps.
Hammer Curls,Hold dumbbells with a neutral grip, curl them towards shoulders.
Preacher Curls,Using a preacher curl bench, curl barbell or dumbbells with support.
Concentration Curls,Sit with elbow against inner thigh, curl dumbbell towards shoulder.
Chin-Ups,Palms facing you, pull body up using biceps and back muscles.
Pull-Ups,Palms facing away, pull body up using primarily back muscles and biceps.
Barbell Rows,Hold barbell with palms down, row it towards your lower chest.
Seated Rows,Using a cable machine, pull handles towards your torso while seated.
Tricep Dips,Using parallel bars, lower and raise your body to target triceps.
Skull Crushers,Lie on a bench, lower barbell towards forehead, then extend arms.
Tricep Kickbacks,Hinge at hips, extend arms behind you with dumbbells in hand.
Close Grip Bench Press,Perform bench press with hands close together to target triceps.
Diamond Push-Ups,Perform push-ups with hands close together in a diamond shape, targeting triceps.
Tricep Rope Pushdowns,Using a cable machine, push rope attachment downward to engage triceps.
Overhead Tricep Extensions,Hold dumbbell or barbell overhead, extend arms to work triceps.
Wrist Curls,Hold dumbbell, curl wrist upward and downward to work forearms.
Reverse Curls,Hold barbell with palms facing down, curl towards your shoulders to target forearms.
Bicep Curl Machine,Using a bicep curl machine, curl handles towards shoulders.
Tricep Extension Machine,Using a tricep extension machine, press handles downward to work triceps.
Wrist Roller,Attach a weight to a rope, roll it up and down to strengthen forearms.
Hammer Strength Rows,Using a Hammer Strength machine, perform rowing motion for back and biceps.
EZ Bar Curls,Hold EZ bar, curl towards shoulders with hands in a semi-supinated grip.
Zottman Curls,Hold dumbbells, curl them while rotating palms from supinated to pronated grip.
Barbell Wrist Curls,Hold barbell with palms facing up, curl wrists to target forearms.
Reverse Curl Machine,Using a reverse curl machine, curl handles towards shoulders to work forearms.
Spider Curls,Lie face down on an incline bench, curl dumbbells towards shoulders.
Tricep Bench Dips,Place hands on a bench, lower and raise your body to target triceps.
Wrist Pronation/Supination,Hold a dumbbell, rotate wrist from palms up to palms down to work forearms.
Hanging Leg Raises,Hang from a bar and raise legs, engaging core and arm muscles.
Forearm Plank,Hold a plank position on forearms to engage core and arm muscles.
